sourceallow.sh is a script designed to read a list of domains from a specified file, 
perform DNS lookups on those domains, and subsequently update UFW (Uncomplicated Firewall) rules
to allow inbound and outbound traffic for the IP addresses associated with these domains.

Usage:
To run the script:

sudo ./sourceallow.sh

It's essential to run this script with root (or sudo) permissions because updating UFW rules requires administrative rights.

File Structure:
The default list of allowable domains is located at /mme/allowables.list. Each domain should be listed on a new line in this file.

Example:
example.com
another-domain.org
yetanotherdomain.net



Modifying the List Location:
If you wish to change the location of the allowables.list file:

Open the sourceallow.sh script in your preferred text editor.
Locate the line: ALLOWABLES="/mme/allowables.list".
Modify the path inside the quotes to point to your new file location.
For example, if your list is located at /mydir/mylist.txt, you'd modify the line to read:
ALLOWABLES="/mydir/mylist.txt"


How the Script Works:
The script first checks if the allowables.list file exists.
It then reads each domain from the file one by one.
For each domain, a DNS lookup is performed to retrieve its associated IP addresses.
The script then creates UFW allow rules for each IP address, both for nbound and outbound traffic.
Additionally, a comment is added to the rule to specify which domain the IP is associated with.

Handling Multiple IPs:
If a domain resolves to multiple IP addresses, the script can handle and create rules for each of those IP addresses.

Dependencies:
The script requires the dig command to be available, which is a part of the dnsutils package. 
To install dnsutils on an Ubuntu/Debian system go to shell and use this command

sudo apt-get install dnsutils -y

Safety Precautions:
Always make backups of your current UFW rules before running this or any other script that modifies them.
It's recommended to test the script in a safe/non-production environment first.
Always review the contents of scripts before executing them, especially when they require root privileges.


